Proposed changes to Bylaws and Policies - September 2025 (#3)
ENTS-Source/bylaws-policies: policies/01-general.md

#### ARTICLE 2. APPLICATION FEE

The Application Fees for ENTS membership are currently not set.

#### ARTICLE 3. MEMBERSHIP DUES AND CLASSIFICATIONS

> All memberships begin on the date of purchase or as arranged in Bylaw 4.2.2. The monthly Membership Dues are $100 CAD. Members have the option to pre-pay $1000 CAD for tweleve consecutive months of membership. The Board may, in its sole discretion, extend lowered rates for Membership Dues to individuals as the Board deems suitable. All members paying rates under this classification, lowered or otherwise, are Members in Good Standing.

Author: ```suggestion
The monthly Membership Dues are $100 CAD. Members have the option to pre-pay $1000 CAD for twelve consecutive months of membership. The Board may, in its sole discretion, extend lowered rates for Membership Dues to individuals as the Board deems suitable. All members paying rates under this classification, lowered or otherwise, are Members in Good Standing.
```

The Board may offer sponsored memberships to individuals or organizations at its sole discretion. Members holding a sponsored membership have the same rights as Members in Good Standing with the exception of the right to vote.

Recurring or single financial donations to the Society shall not be considered memberships.

The Board may, from time to time, create or offer promotional memberships to new or existing members of the Society. Promotional memberships are considered Members in Good Standing unless otherwise defined in the conditions of the membership or in the Society Policies.

Members who have not paid their fees or dues within six calendar months of when they were due may have their membership terminated by the Board.

> Members may temporarily suspend their membership at their next monthly payment date. Members which pay membership dues for more than a single month in advance may suspend their membership at most twice within their payment term for no less than 1 calendar month and no more than 25% of their payment term, rounded up to the nearest whole month, each time starting any day within the payment term at the Member's request. Members with a suspended membership, for any reason, are not Members in Good Standing for the duration of that suspension.

Author: ```suggestion
Members may temporarily suspend their membership while deferring their Membership Dues for 2 to 12 weeks. Members may temporarily suspend their membership up to two times in a calendar year. Members with a suspended membership, for any reason, are not Members in Good Standing for the duration of that suspension.
```

#### ARTICLE 4. DEEMED WITHDRAWAL

An applicant is to be considered having tendered resignation if the Application Fee has not been paid within three months of application.

> #### ARTICLE 5. GENERAL MEETING SCHEDULE

Author: TODO: Remove and renumber instead of changes to content

Whenever possible, General Meetings are to be held on a Sunday within the calendar quarter, from 1:00 PM on, at the Space. Exceptions are generally made for long weekends.

#### ARTICLE 6. BOARD MEETING SCHEDULE

> Board Meetings are generally held on weekday evenings when scheduled. At least one Director is expected to attend scheduled public access times to the Space, such as during public tours and open houses.

Author: ```suggestion
The Board meets the first Tuesday evening of the month at the Space. Additional meetings may be called as needed with as much as notice as possible.
```

#### ARTICLE 7. COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES

Members may receive payment as compensation for time spent working on projects of the Society. Any honorarium amount must be based upon comparable work in the private sector.

With prior Board approval, reasonable expenses incurred while carrying out duties of the Society may be reimbursed.

> All expenses for the previous fiscal year must be submitted at most two weeks before the Annual General Meeting following that fiscal year.

Author: ```suggestion
All expenses must be submitted within 30 days of the fiscal year closing.
```
